King... Gaze!
[chuckling]
Ah, yes. Perfect.
Your little skirmish with
my missing piece has left you
so weakened that
I should be able to
do away with you in
a single blow.
Before you try,
you've taken a great
amount of damage...
You'll find even the greatest
Healing magic ineffective.
Just a nudge from one of
my pawns, and it's all over.
I should warn you, I won't be
fooled by your paltry wit.
I will see through
any sleight of hand.
I've studied all
of your tactics.
The Heyedras have
recorded every strategy...
every skill that you and
your friends have used
to battle the Dark Army - and
that data lives inside my head.
You'll never take
me by surprise...
So accept your fate.
There's no point in resisting!
Before we start,
I have a question.
What, pray tell?
I'll have you know, I won't
accept any pleas for your life.
Oh, it's nothing like that.
You called yourself
the palace's greatest,
most terrifying guardian...
If that's true, why aren't
you guarding your king?
[scoff]
I wouldn't expect
you to comprehend.
It's beyond your vision.
A simple warrior like you
sees no further than
the battle at hand.
The answer is simple:
You see, the word "defeat" does
not exist in my vocabulary.
Now...
Allow me to educate you:
Thinning out your
enemy's numbers...
by picking off the weak and the
wounded is an essential tactic.
After all, one should
only engage in battle
if victory can
be assured, yes?
My army has never failed
to assure just that...
and once I deploy them,
they won't stop until
they've ground you to dust.
"To fight means to win!"
That's the motto we follow.
King Vearn needs no protection.
Maximum: At this very moment,
Mystvearn is facing off against
the Hero and the rest his party.
First I'll dispose
of you weaklings,
then once the specter
has worn them out,
I'll head inside and
finish off your companions.
If I do that, I'll get
the credit for snuffing out
every last one of the
illustrious Disciples of Avan.
Hym [thought]:
What a scoundrel.
Have I cleared that up for you?
The only thing you
can do now... is die.
Actually, perhaps I
should allow Mystvearn
to struggle with your
friends a little longer.
He always looks down on me and
calls me the palace "Janitor".
A touch of hardship may teach
him to have some respect.
They do say that failure is the
greatest teacher for a reason...
The Janitor of Vearn Palace,
huh? And who's that?
Mystvearn: King
Vearn's favorite pet.
A metallic life form born from
an Orichalcum chess piece.
Oh yeah?
That's a shame,
'cause if you're talking
about the Hadlar Royal Guard,
I've got bad news, pal.
We already defeated them all.
Mystvearn: Clearly
you've never counted
how many pieces there
are on a chessboard.
Tell me, have you done
battle with the king yet?
Sure... I mean,
Hadlar was their king...
No, Hadlar wasn't
a chess piece.
Maam: If it's not him,
it only makes sense
that the real king
is still out there somewhere.
Besides, there are
two kings on the board.
So you're saying...
There are more
Orichalcum Warriors
for us to face beyond
the Royal Guard?
Mystvearn: Indeed.
Although, they lack
the individual wills Hadlar
granted his soldiers.
Only the king, Maximum,
was born with such a gift.
His will controls
the remaining pieces...
And it appears as
if his highness
has finally decided
to make a move.
Now I can see it.
You are beyond help...
and you're not worth
leaving alive!
[cackling]
This is why I love
dealing with the wounded.
They're delusional.
If it makes this easier,
I won't stop you.
In fact, we could even
make a game of it.
On that note, I believe I
shall take the first move!
Maximum: [cackling]
Beautiful.
A quick rush of my pawns and
this pest is already finished.
Maximum: Fall back, troops!
You there, what's wrong?
I told you to fall back.
Wh... What?! No!
He shattered Orichalcum
with his bare fist?!
Hym [thought]: Incredible.
He actually did it.
They're different.
Huh?!
Hyunckel: Now it's
just as I thought.
Your soldiers?
They're like paper
compared to Hym.
I've had about enough
of your babbling.
Knight! Take him out!
Hyunckel: And you
aren't Sigma, either.
H-How?
Hadlar's Royal Guard
were superior.
Hym, Sigma, Albinass,
Fenbren, and Block...
They were great
warriors because
they each had a
will of their own.
They drew power from
their loyalty...
And were willing to sacrifice
themselves for their master.
But your servants are
nothing but pieces of metal.
Empty and weak!
Hym [thought]: H-Hyunckel...
You... You arrogant little...
King Gaze!
Maximum: S-See?
You're barely even standing.
In this state, a mere gust
of wind could take you down.
You might have gotten
lucky before...
But luck has a way
of running out.
Finish him, Bishop.
All it takes is
one sure strike!
Yes! I've done it!
[frustrated roar]
Maximum: No... This...
This is impossible.
Hyunckel: The fire
of my life force
may be little more
than embers...
But it won't be
extinguished by your drones.
I guarantee it.
Dammit! Go on, Rook.
Squash this nuisance.
Hyunckel: Same problem...
You're all hollow.
Maximum: P-P-P-Pawns...
Don't just stand
there! Rush him!
[shocked gasp]
Maximum [thought]:
Unbelievable.
It's still there! That one last
health point won't budge!
B-But... But it
doesn't make sense.
All it should take to deplete
it is a measly scratch...
So how...
how is he able to
withstand these attacks?
Maximum [thought]:
A-According to my database,
the Dark Swordsman
Hyunckel's immortality is
nothing more than a rumor.
He may be a cunning and
highly-skilled warrior,
but he's still a human - a
creature of flesh and bone.
Let me take a closer look.
Super... Gaze!
Maximum [thought]:
Yes, there's the damage!
I knew that nobody could
shatter Orichalcum barehanded
without paying the price.
He's broken - beyond
all hope of healing.
T-Then how can it be...
How can he possibly still
be able to move like this?!
Hym [thought]:
It's unbelievable.
The power driving Hyunckel
has pushed him beyond the
limits of his mortal form.
There's no denying it now.
That's Fortitude
if I've ever seen it.
[fuming]
Maximum [thought]: I still
have five pawns remaining.
Together, they
should be enough
to drain the last
of his energy...
But I have to admit, I see
how the rumor started.
He does seem like
he possesses
some kind of
supernatural power.
My next...
My next order is...
All of you, fall back.
Fall back and guard
your mighty king.
He's gone...
He vanished?!
No... Where? Where is he?!
Hyunckel: Right here. Check.
[roaring]
Your pawns are mere puppets.
They only move
at your command,
so if I catch you off-guard,
I catch them off-guard.
You really are like the king
on a chessboard, aren't you?
Your tactical mind is
your only real advantage.
All you do is order
the other pieces around.
But you're also the weakest.
Once your troops
start to fall...
You're vulnerable.
From there, it's just a
matter of cornering you.
And if you ask me, it looks
like you're in a tight spot.
You can brag about
your strength,
but if you had any
real power at all,
then you wouldn't
have to call back
your troops to
defend you like this.
Hyunckel: In which
case, Maximum,
I think that's checkmate.
Hym [thought]: He's won!
Maximum: King Access!
Maximum [thought]:
He's right.
I can control my pawns
with just a finger,
but if he's too fast for me,
they won't be of much use.
Now that he's
discovered my weakness,
I'll just have to
return the favor.
Ah-ha...
Hyunckel! Hurry.
Finish them off!
Hyunckel: Hym!
Don't you dare...
No! Let go of me!
[falling yell]
What is wrong with you?!
You should've let me fall.
You're leaving yourself
wide open here!
I didn't have a choice.
We both know how
injured you are.
The impact from
a fall like this...
You wouldn't survive it.
Maximum: Precisely!
Now who's cornered,
Dark Swordsman?
You can't do anything!
[pained roar]
That's enough!
You have to let me go.
He just told you - he can't.
Maximum: I've
analyzed the data.
Even when things get
desperate,
this man can never
summon the guts needed
to sacrifice his friends in
order to assure his victory.
Even if the alternative is
certain death for both of you,
he's still too cowardly to
choose his own survival.
I'm afraid it's in his nature.
He's just that kind of fool.
Hym [thought]:
What? You mean...
he considers me a friend?
Sentiment.
It's a fatal weakness
to find in a warrior.
When you were
heartless and fierce,
you might have stood a chance,
but all that
compassion and love
you've been getting
from your friends...
it's starting to
make you soft.
Now why don't we find out
how immortal you really are?
Hyunckel [thought]: Love?
The fact that I discovered
your weakness so easily
is proof of my
superior intellect.
Super-Superior,
you might say.
Maximum: [cackling]
Hyunckel [thought]: That's
right... How did I miss it?
I... I'm doing the
same thing Maam did.
I didn't think I...
was capable of that...
Please, let me go.
I'm sorry, Hym.
I was hoping somehow I
could at least save you...
Doesn't look like...
I have the strength.
But know this:
If I'm going to lose because
of my compassion or love...
that's a loss...
that I'll proudly accept.
Don't be an idiot! No!
I happen to agree
with that assessment.
He's as daft as a rook
moving on a slant.
Now I shall take that last
health point of yours...
and then I'll go find
the rest of your friends.
Oh, by the way.
My fist is far
greater than any pawns.
It's time to
turn you into a pulp.
This is what I call checkmate.
Maximum [thought]: What?
[pained roars]
What kind of spear is this?
Wh-Who dares?!
Show yourself. Answer for
such petty insolence!
Larhart: "Petty
insolence" huh?
Larhart: And here I was,
trying to be polite.
See, whenever I cross
paths with scumbags
who fight without
any honor...
I make a point of introducing
them to my Dark Spear.
Is that so? And who
the heck are you anyway?
Larhart: I'm your
punishment...
You can call me Larhart,
the Land Rider.
T-The L-Land Rider?!
Hyunckel [thought]:
Larhart's alive?
Who is that?
You know this warrior?
I thought I'd never
see him again.
It seems miracles
come in pairs.
Master Avan's return
was the first of them,
and now Larhart...
Another escapee of
the afterlife.
My greatest rival,
and the friend...
whose will I've vowed
to carry as my own...
Today, the gods
truly smile on us.
Access!
Maximum [thought]: Larhart...
A former soldier
for the Dragon Legion
and one of the Dragon Masters.
He's a maverick in combat.
The original owner of
the Dark Armor Spear.
According to the
Heyedra records,
he was destroyed in
a fight against
the Hero's party near Teran.
My, you're a wandering soul.
You appear to have
lost your way.
But no matter.
If you wish to fight,
I have your data on file...
My magnificent mind
can read all of it!
I know your past, and I
can predict your future...
Maximum: Not to mention,
I've already learned each and
every one of your attacks.
Oh? Well, that's
rather impressive.
What else does
your data tell you?
Supposedly, you possess
unparalleled speed...
Your greatest attack
is your Sunder Claw.
I like the sound of that one.
But you're no match
empty-handed.
That means your only strategic
option is to evade me.
Maximum: And I have ways
to counter that...
[trembling]
How's he that fast?
I hate to break it
to you, Hym...
But no matter
how fast you may be,
there's always somebody
faster out there.
Well, then. What do
you say, King?
Does my speed live up to
what your data suggested?
Larhart: If simply
knowing that I'm fast
was enough for you to win,
this would be too easy.
I suppose that's
the difference...
between knowledge
and ability...
Whatever you've got on me,
it's probably
useless in your hands.
Attack!
Don't give him any mercy.
You don't believe me?
In that case...
Let me show you for
posterity's sake...
A taste of my
greatest attack.
Here it comes!
Sunder... Claw!
Very well!
I'll allow you to take
the victory today,
but when we fight again,
I won't be so generous.
You'll pay dearly when you
face my army's full force.
Mark these words.
The next time we meet
will be the end of you.
Larhart: There won't
be a next time.
If you take one step
from where you stand,
I promise it'll be your last.
You have a smart mouth,
but you don't threaten me.
It's your words that
are truly hollow, my boy.
[chuckling]
Come on. Did you really
fail to see it?
Hym: You're lucky you
didn't shatter on the spot.
He just ran you through with an
unbelievable amount of speed.
What?!
Maximum: I don't
feel anything.
No, it's clearly
some sort of ruse.
You're trying to
trick me, aren't you?
King Access!
It's so obvious.
You're using a mind game
to keep me in place.
But your harebrained
scheme doesn't fool me.
It's just as I said:
I see right through it.
And now, farewell.
Until we meet again!
Oh, dear...
An end fit for a king.
You really reap
what you sow.
For someone with such
a superior intellect...
not so bright.
Miracles come in
threes, it seems -
I could've been
one of his pawns.
Being born to serve Lord
Hadlar was a stroke of luck.
That's one-in-eight odds.
I wouldn't have bet on that.
Hym [thought]:
In any case...
Who is this Larhart
guy? What is he?
And more importantly,
what could've happened
between him and Hyunckel?
Narrator: After saving
Hyunckel and Hym,
the mighty Land Rider Larhart
dons his Dark Armor Spear
and storms the castle to
help Dai and the others.
Meanwhile, in
the White Garden,
the stage is set for a
confrontation with Mystvearn -
the greatest enemy in
the Dark Army's ranks.
With another adversary
lurking in the shadows,
can Avan and his
disciples fend off
their attackers long enough
for Larhart to arrive?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Battle in
the White Garden".